OF THE AUTHORS ALLEGED.

Lud. Vites, the commentator
upon S. Aug umine, his
several censures of the
apocrypha] books

W.

Th. Waldensis, attesting the
canon of Scripture to have
determined with the Apo-
stles - -

And acknowledging no more
than XXII books of the
Old Testament -

Gal. chitaker, pleading for
the right of thpe Church to
be theg witness and inter-
preter of Scripture

cosm.

N UMB.

clxx.

xlii.

cli.

viii.

X.

Card. Xz'metzz'us, and other
learned men, (that assisted
him in setting forth the
Bible at Complutum in
Spain,) distinguishing the
apocryphal books from the
canonical

Z.

Joh. Zonaras, commentator
upon the Ecclesiastical Ca·-
nons of the Greek Chmeh,
excluding the apocryphal
books from the canon of
Scripture

And concexning the Council
of Carthage

:305

NUMB.

clxv.

xlv.

lxxxii„ cxix.

